# School_District_Analysis

## Overview
While having the opportunity to collaborate with my class peers throughout Module 4, I was able to gradually enhance my skills with Panda by analyzing the School District Data. By using data from a real life scenario, analysts are able to learn about coding and continuously practicing skills within using Panda and coding. Conditioning our skills throughout the lessons allows for practice while being able to engage with the data that is given. By being able to begin analyzing data such as school districts and learning about the complications that may comes with collecting data sets future analysts for success. 

## Results
While evaluating the information that was being changed throughout the challenge, there were obvious changes that determined the differences between data changes. With the district summary, percentages and numbers were changed especially after analyzing the data without the 9th graders. With this, the rest of the summary would follow in the same direction and decrease. While considering the changes with the updated data, there were also a large impact from the 9th graders as the rest of the data increased especially with the percentages and score wise. 
By replacing the ninth grader's math and reading scores, there were a large difference and change in comparison to the rest of the high school rankings. While analyzing the data, the observation and differences between each high school is pretty separate as half isn't passing and the other is relatively in good standing. Most of the high schools with the overall percentages were in the same range as most were in the 55-60% range while the other high schools are in the 89-91% range. One thing I noticed was that the spending range had no impact on the overall score/passing of the high school which allows for analysts to realize that the amount of money being spent doesn't have as large of an effect as it may seem like it would. With the categories that had seemed to make a difference and shown patterns was the school size and school type had a continuous impact on the math and reading scores by grades. With larger school sizes, there's a tendency to have lower grades and overall passing grades while small to medium schools tend to show more promise with having higher grades. Another observation is that charter schools do much better in all ranges of grades in those particular high school. 

## Summary
In the updated school district analysis there were many differences that had happened within the reading and math scores. The first changes that had been initated was the passing math percentages, where it was dramtically increased. Along with this was the overall percentages. And as an addition, there was a great difference with the reading scores. 
